# My Virtual CV

The following repo is used to house the code for my Virtual CV project. I developed the project using Next.js with TailwindCSS and ShadCN component library. You will see the name of the repo is `improved-adventure`; this was generated by Github when I initialized the repo :)

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:
- Node.js `v18` or greater

## Installation

To set up the project locally, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the project directory.

2. Install the dependencies:

```
npm i
```

## Usage
To run the site in development mode:
```
npm run dev
```

This will launch the site on: `http://localhost:3000`

## Project Structure

The site contains 4 important directories which are listed below:

```text
|-- src/
|   |-- app/
|   |   -- page.tsx
|   |   -- layout.tsx
|   |-- components/
|   |   |-- ui/
|   |   |   -- button.tsx
|   |   |-- custom/
|   |   |   -- ButtonGroup.tsx
|   |   |   -- ScrollToTop.tsx
|   |   -- Card.tsx
|   |-- styles/
|   |   -- global.css
|   |-- utils/
|       -- types.ts
```

- `app` : Contains the main page and layout.
- `styles` : contains the styling for the whole site. The `global.css` file contains styling which is installed by ShadCN, and some of my custom styling for the scrollbar was added at the bottom to apply to the whole site.
- `utils`: Only contains the `types.ts` file for type safety. Keeping things typed helps prevent a massive headache when things gets complicated, so its there for showing the standard.
- `components`: Contains 2 directories, one for the ShadCN components and another is for my own custom styled components. Sorting them in this way keeps the repo clean and logical.

## Decisions made during development

I decided to go for a single page website, since it's the norm for advertising sites, and a CV is a place to brag about oneself. Since I chose a single page website, the next part was to logically organize things so that they make sense as a user scrolls down.

Having the image as the biggest eye-catching element when landing on the page, it seemed like a good plan to put the about me just below the "Introduction".

Next was the "Some of my favourites" and it is meant to expand on the "About Me" and see what are some of my favourite tech brands and organizations.

The "What I do" section lists my skills, which is then followed by the showcasing of my skills and allow users to interact and get a feel of what I can do, not that those projects are my absolute, full capabilities. See it as "testing the waters" ;)

Lastly, the "Contact Me" section just to round things up.

#### Styling Decisions

The layout of the site fits for a single page website. Padding is consistent throughout the site.

#### I used the following rules for padding and spacing:

- 60px between sections
- 20px between headings and body text
- 20px between subheadings and headings
- 10px between buttons/icons and its corresponding content (Skills sections)
- 20px all round cards and their content (My Projects)
